Recommend to mention agents (#770)
eclipse-theia/theia-website: src/docs/theia_coder.md

👉 [Introducing Theia Coder - the open AI coding agent with full control](https://eclipsesource.com/blogs/2025/03/06/introducing-theia-coder-open-coding-agent-with-full-control/)

## Using Theia Coder

> Theia Coder functions is a chat agent within Theia AI Chat. **To interact with it, simply type `@Coder` followed by your request in the chat**. This will also pin `@Coder` for the ongoing chat session, so in hte following messages, you don't need to use `@Coder` again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Theia Coder is a chat agent within Theia AI Chat. **To interact with it, simply type `@Coder` followed by your request in the chat**. This will also pin `@Coder` for the ongoing chat session, so in the following messages, you don't need to mention `@Coder` again.
```
